README.md, before:

ozplayer-wordpress
==================

OzPlayer support for WordPress.

Note that while this plugin is released under GPLv2 the OzPlayer accessible
video player is commercial software. Please see http://oz-player.com/ for
information.

This code is in an alpha state.

To use, copy the "ozplayer" directory from this repository into your wp-plugins directory
then activate the plugin. You'll also need to put your copy of the OzPlayer application
somewhere. The default assumption is that you've unpacked the -distrib.zip file in your
WordPress site's top-level directory, and then made a symlink to 'ozplayer'.

e.g.:

```
cd /var/www/html
unzip ~/OzPlayer-1.7-distrib.zip
ln -s OzPlayer-1.7-distrib ozplayer
```

But if you put it elsewhere that's fine, just go in to the OzPlayer settings page
in the WordPress admin and set the "OzPlayer base URL" appropriately.

You'll also need to set up a config.js file and provide the URL for that. Likewise
a CSS file with the transcript CSS.

There's an example config.js included here. It assumes you're loading jQuery.

There are a number of options available in the admin settings page. Most of these
are defaults that can be over-ridden in the shortcode if you need to.

Two shortcodes are provided, "[ozplayer]" and "[video]". We over-ride the system
default "[video]" shortcode but are largely backwards-compatible -- this plugin is
an adaptation of the original built-in video support.

The following arguments are available:

| Name | Description
| ---- | ------------
| src | Source URL for the video. Recommend only using this for YouTube videos, but it works the same as the built-in [video] shortcode
| mp4 | URL for the MP4 version of the video
| webm | URL for the WebM version of the video
| mp3 | URL for the MP3 version of the audio descriptions
| ogg | URL for the OGG Vorbis version of the audio descriptions
| transcript | URL for the VTT file containing transcript extras
| captions | URL for the VTT file containing the captions
| color | Highlight color. See admin panel for options
| lang | Language. Right now only 'en' is supported but feel free to add translations in ozplayer-lang
| poster | URL for the poster image
| width | Width of the video. Will be scaled down if this is wider than the content area width
| height | Height of the video. Will be scaled down if the video is too wide for the content area, preserving the aspect ratio
| transcript_open | Have the transcript visible? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)
| captions_on | Turn on the captions? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)
| ad_on | Turn on the audio descriptions? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)

All but a video source (either the src, mp4, or webm values) are optional.

Commit message:

transcript_on option, transcript displayed if there are captions.

README.md, after:

ozplayer-wordpress
==================

OzPlayer support for WordPress.

Note that while this plugin is released under GPLv2 the OzPlayer accessible
video player is commercial software. Please see http://oz-player.com/ for
information.

This code is in an alpha state.

To use, copy the "ozplayer" directory from this repository into your wp-plugins directory
then activate the plugin. You'll also need to put your copy of the OzPlayer application
somewhere. The default assumption is that you've unpacked the -distrib.zip file in your
WordPress site's top-level directory, and then made a symlink to 'ozplayer'.

e.g.:

```
cd /var/www/html
unzip ~/OzPlayer-1.7-distrib.zip
ln -s OzPlayer-1.7-distrib ozplayer
```

But if you put it elsewhere that's fine, just go in to the OzPlayer settings page
in the WordPress admin and set the "OzPlayer base URL" appropriately.

You'll also need to set up a config.js file and provide the URL for that. Likewise
a CSS file with the transcript CSS.

There's an example config.js included here. It assumes you're loading jQuery.

There are a number of options available in the admin settings page. Most of these
are defaults that can be over-ridden in the shortcode if you need to.

Two shortcodes are provided, "[ozplayer]" and "[video]". We over-ride the system
default "[video]" shortcode but are largely backwards-compatible -- this plugin is
an adaptation of the original built-in video support.

The following arguments are available:

| Name | Description
| ---- | ------------
| src | Source URL for the video. Recommend only using this for YouTube videos, but it works the same as the built-in [video] shortcode
| mp4 | URL for the MP4 version of the video
| webm | URL for the WebM version of the video
| mp3 | URL for the MP3 version of the audio descriptions
| ogg | URL for the OGG Vorbis version of the audio descriptions
| transcript | URL for the VTT file containing transcript extras
| captions | URL for the VTT file containing the captions
| color | Highlight color. See admin panel for options
| lang | Language. Right now only 'en' is supported but feel free to add translations in ozplayer-lang
| poster | URL for the poster image
| width | Width of the video. Will be scaled down if this is wider than the content area width
| height | Height of the video. Will be scaled down if the video is too wide for the content area, preserving the aspect ratio
| transcript_open | Have the transcript visible? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)
| transcript_on | Should the transcript be on at all? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)
| captions_on | Turn on the captions? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)
| ad_on | Turn on the audio descriptions? ("1" or "yes" for on, anything else for off)

All but a video source (either the src, mp4, or webm values) are optional.
